todo:
-add pug
-seperte module file/folder structure
-combine same props to utility classes*
(-added new technologies, styleguides, module-centric project file structure)


 light, shapes, colors, textures

situation needs to be either dealth with or accepted


I also do front-end development work

creativity over efficientcy

((Ain't) no pressure) I was build for this

Samo tisti ki letajo vedo zakaj ptice 
Only the one who flies knows why the bird sings

Bird can't fly in a cage

Be as crazy (or as neuro typical) as you want


You're not my guru

create a ton
shake thing up
question the defaults
(i) cannot and wont conform
learn every day
play every day
you are not your mind

great blood test results
i know how to get myself in a good mood

meditate, create, make progress, move, absorb

Im alive with creativity

Rice milk

Thank you
You are good

----

I worked with mostyle on project for the US companies
from landing pages to ecommerce sites to the sites that offer a unique online service with their apis 
because of the signed NDS I can't publish those

lately I was also working on a couple of React project for the clients


---

- dati cisto x (napacno) ikono za libraryje in tehnologija s katerimi sem delal (najti en hud icon pack)
- quote dat meni najljubse quote namesto od strank
  - 'create a ton' - me to myself
  - question the default - adam grant (originals)
  - a quote from the bridgewater principles
  - kul quote animation on scroll na https://www.leesa.com/ (e.g. forbes)
- Bio (cv) kot tabs z ikonami na https://www.tuftandneedle.com/faq/


----

 to remember.
how to love. to be fluid. playful. 
to set their inner child free. 
to laugh and dance and be. 
so many of us have forgotten how to feel.
we have become blocked off...shrunk inwards. rigid and cold...so caught up in this silly nonsense of this world. 


we forget that it is all just a game.
there are no rules here.

--

this world loves you...it is not a randomized, systematic threat.
it is all for you.
every moment.
each experience. 
when you choose to see life this way...
when you treat your existence as sacred...
when you see choose to see yourself as a living miracle, 
you become one. 

this is how magic is made.﻿